"if we were back"
"way in the past"
"what would that make you?"
"between only us"
"the stars above"
"and you right there"
"we've all changed a lot"
"strayed a lot"
"but there's still no clue"
"about what it is we were meant to be"
walking through halls
dressed in all fonts titling each of you
but even so
your reality is only kept inside
not much longer now
I promise that youll be there someday
known in that world as you were always meant to be
for everyone who was looking through this window
perhaps this is the first time that we were seen this way
the realest way
watching eye to eye
from the sun's fall, to rise
we always knew things would change
again
there's so much that I still have yet to know
and I still have no clue where I should go
with a future that's left in my hands
I still turn around and see you waving there
words, all scattered throughout the sky
(no matter the lens you see through)
one so blue, perhaps it all might be fine
(like always, I'll be here for you)
but for now that time has faced us again
(from a screen to an eye)
to say farewell
(it's in your hands)
(I'll say it again)